The water took on an olive-green
tinge as the night vision activated, revealing a blizzard of snow-like
particles coming straight at them. The glowing aft lights of a Sting Ray
submersible were visible in the distance. A cluster of red blips appeared on
sonar, moving steadily on a northwesterly course, a lone red blip zig-zagging
away from the group. Two blue dots denoted the two vessels closing on the
target. 

A crewman spoke in Chinese, his
words translated into English: Target has separated from the school; anesthetic
has taken effect. Heart rate: 133 BPM. Range to Target: twenty-seven meters.
Sting Ray-2 requesting permission to attach neurological implant. 



The particles slowed as the pod
reduced its forward speed. 

The Sting Ray appeared up ahead, the
submersible dwarfed by the Leed’s fish. The 96-foot prehistoric giant was
tethered to a steel cable connecting the vessel to a harpoon hanging below the
creature’s gills. 

Target’s neurological system has
been neutralized. We’re not in deep, DP-2 … better get the Sunfish in the
water. 



The camera angle changed, revealing
a section of the sphere’s outer shell as it yawned open, releasing a flat,
oval-shaped drone, its design inspired by , the giant Sunfish.
Twenty-two feet in diameter, the drone was slightly larger than its namesake
and resembled a swimming head that abruptly ended in a tall, rigid dorsal fin
and a matching anal fin. 

Sunfish is in the water. She’s all
yours, Toshi. 

Engaging signal … control
established. Stand by. 

The drone suddenly accelerated away
from the sphere toward the Leed’s fish which was gasping huge mouthfuls of sea
but had otherwise ceased moving. Hovering directly below the stunned giant’s
belly, the Sunfish positioned the tip of its rigid dorsal so that it pierced
the Leed’s anus, the drone inching its way higher and deeper until half the fin
had entered the orifice. 



The visible section of the dorsal
fin glowed brightly, the surrounding water sizzling. 



The smart window split into two
views; the left side continuing to show the Sting Ray submersible hovering in
close proximity to the Leed’s fish’s tail, the Sunfish attached to its
belly― 

―the right side revealing a
circular lens’ view of the species’ internal anatomy, lit by the drone’s
glowing surgical fin. 

A woman spoke. Toshi, this is Dr.
Jernigan. You’re in too deep. Retract the blade two meters or you’ll sever the
heart and small intestines. 



The internal camera angle widened as
the blade retreated. 

Much better. Proceed with the
incision. 



The Sunfish’s propulsion system
activated, pushing the drone dorsal fin-first in the direction of the
creature’s head― 

―its heated surgical blade
slicing through the Leed’s fish, eviscerating its belly. A long, dark
snake-like organ slowly unraveled out of the gaping wound. 

Toshi, that’s the small intestine.
Be ready―the liver should follow. 

The small intestine continued
uncoiling, followed by a large, flat meaty rowboat-size organ. 



I see it. Retracting blade …
activating drone’s suction pumps. 

Freed from the Leed’s fish’s belly,
the drone chased after the creature’s excised organ. The Sunfish’s
pucker-shaped mouth opened as its suction pumps engaged, inhaling the liver
into the drone’s expanding internal cache. With a burst of blood, the orifice
snapped shut upon the distal end of the small intestine, severing its
connection with the captured prize. 

A collective cheer rose from both
vessels― 

―giving way to an internal
alarm as multiple green targets suddenly appeared on sonar. 

Warning: Unidentified predatory
species has entered the kill zone. 

Jonas’s pulse raced as several dozen
thirty-to-forty-foot sharks attacked the Leed’s fish like a school of ravenous
piranha. Not content to simply feed off the paralyzed behemoth, they forced
their way into its vented belly, consuming and tearing apart the convulsing
creature from the inside out, the gruesome visual disappearing quickly behind a
lake of blood. In a span of thirty heart-pounding seconds, the predators had
shredded the prehistoric cow into unrecognizable chunks, some of which floated
free of the feeding frenzy, only to be snatched by members of the circling
quarry. 

Two of the carnivores were engaged
in a gruesome tug-of-war with the drone, each writhing twist of their dark
triangular heads intended to intimidate their rival. As the Sunfish’s cache was
torn open and the Leed’s fish’s liver released, a far larger shark bulldozed
its way into the conflict, the fifty-foot female snatching the drone in her
jaws before circling away with her prize. 

The Sting Ray fled to open water,
only to be chased by five or six of the predators, which bashed and pounded the
submersible’s depth-resistant hull until it imploded in a brilliant white burst
of crushed matter. 

